>> Nina: Before I introduce myself,
I just want to go over the class
requirements really quickly.
All right, you're gonna need a command
line that supports UNIX style commands.
So Bash shell if you're on OSX,
on a Mac, or on Linux.
You should be fine if you're on Windows.
I haven't had a Windows
machine in about six years, so
you might have to troubleshoot yourself.
I might not be able to help you out.
You need Git version greater than 2.0.
So to check that, go to your terminal and
type git--version,
as long as you have a version greater
than 2.0, you should be good to go.
You need to sign up for a GitHub account.
So I hope that all of you
have already done that.
Next, you should clone
the class repository that has
these slides and
the exercise descriptions.
So to do that, go to
git.io/advanced-git and pull that down.
If you open the PDF locally
instead of browsing it in GitHub,
you'll get a lot more features
like being able to select text.
So I highly recommend you do that,
it will be very helpful.
And then if you are on a Mac,
if you had the opportunity,
I recommend installing Homebrew,
it's a package manager.
That we'll use to download some of
the tools that I show later in class.
You guys are all good on the requirements?
Everyone thumbs up?
Awesome.
So for advanced Git,
I'm going to assume that you have
some familiarity with git already.
Meaning you know how to clone a project,
you know how to get a nit to
create a new project, you can check
out branches, you can add and
remove files from a staging area,
and you can make a commit.
Those are only the prerequisites,
everything else will be explained today.
So Advanced Git, I'm Nina.
I traveled here from Portland, Oregon and
if you wanna find me on
the Internet I'm on Twitter at @nnja.
Or if you wanna email me at any point
after the class, if you have questions,
if you wanna get in touch you
can either DM me on twitter or
send me a personal email, and
I'll be happy to help you out.
So I have a bit of a confession to make.
I'm not a Frontend Master, gasp.
I'm a Full Staff Master.
I probably can't help with
the intricacies of CSS,
but I've been a developer for
ten years now.
I started my career working in C++ and
Java.
I did a little bit of JavaScript.
Lately for the past few years,
I've mostly been working in Python and
I've been using git for 6 plus years now.
I'm one of those people who has
suffered through SVN and CVS.
Does anyone else used
version control before Git?
Just Mark?
>> Speaker 2: CVS and SVN.
[SOUND] Yeah,
what an awful experience, right?
>> Nina: The best was Open Source with
SVN.
>> Speaker 2: Yes, SourceForge,
right?
>> Nina: Well, no people would send you,
they would email you their diffs.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Nina: Their SVN diffs
to try to contribute to your open
source project was terrible.